- Previously
on "Vanderpump Rules"...
I'm understanding
that you want to get
into event planning as a job.
- If I was going to learn
from anyone,
it would be you.
- Is the patio going to be...
- From here to there, toilets.
- Are you f---ing
kidding me?
- What were we thinking
doing 33 restaurants
without Tom Sandoval?
- So Sur, I'd like
to take over.
- Maybe you could have
a Tuesday.
- A Tuesday turn-up.
- I heard a rumor
that you had sex with Faith.
- I did not do that.
- So tell me the truth.
You did have sex with her?
- Yes, it's true.
- Rot in hell.
- I said I wanted
to go to a hotel.
That's what I want to do.
- I know but--
- I don't think she really
wants me to go.
- She just said
that she needs some time alone.
[Dena Deadly's
"Raise Your Glass"]
- ♪ You know that
it's our time ♪
♪ These are the best days
of our lives ♪
♪ Just raise
your glasses high ♪
♪ This one's for you tonight ♪
- ♪ Do you want
something to talk about ♪
♪ Cruises and boyfriends ♪
♪ With glamorous girlfriends ♪
♪ Ah ♪
- Hungover spa day.
- I need this.
- Hi!
- Oh, God.
- Oh, no, no.
Girls day instead.
Today would be Jax and I's
two year anniversary.
- I've screwed up every
relationship I've been in.
I really just don't want
to f--- this up.
- I don't want you to either.
So I have planned this,
like, wonderful spa day,
and since he can't
keep it in his pants
instead I'm taking Stassi.
I just can't get over
this was supposed to be
my anniversary.
- I'm sorry.
- Stassi is one of
the few people
who knows exactly
what I'm going through.
- I did go to Vegas
and have relations
with somebody else.
- That smells so good.
- Oh goodness, yes.
What is this thing?
Oh, my God.
Oh, jeez.
- Where's--what's your
headspace right now?
- Um, it's--
It keeps going
all over the place.
- I feel like it's like
a bad thing
to--like for me
or any friend
to be like "You can't
get back together with him."
You can't do this.
Like you have to figure
sh-- out on your own.
- Yeah.
- But, like, for real.
Like, you can't.
- Listen, I know what
I should do
and what's best for me.
But it's hard actually
to go through with it.
- I totally get it.
I can picture exactly
what Jax is doing to Brittany
to get her to come back to him.
He's saying everything
that she's wanted to hear.
- I'm trying to better myself.
I know I can be the person
that you want.
I literally would do
pretty much anything
for you at this point.
Can I have a little kiss?
Just a little tiny one?
- I don't want Brittany
to have to go through that
the way that I did
and so many others
before her did.
- I just don't know right now.
It's so new.
I'm so confused
about everything.
And I just...
you're going to be
so pissed at me.
What?
You had sex last night?
You're disgusting.
You are--shut up.
- I don't know why.
Don't be mad at me.
- I'm not mad at you.
- I don't know why
I got that, like, emotion
where I wanted to do it
because it was
the weirdest thing.
- I know why, of course.
Because you're feeling
all this emotion.
He's sad and crying
and begging for forgiveness.
- Yeah.
- It's almost like having,
like, hate love sex.
- Yeah.
- And so that is just gonna
confuse your brain even more.
- It is. I couldn't believe
that that happened.
♪ ♪
- I'm down to go
with a recommendation.
Something like kinda summery.
- Try cider, yeah.
- I'll do that.
Same thing, yeah.
- Sounds good.
- Dude, you need this, bro.
- Yeah.
Brittany and I are two years--
we're two years together today.
Today's our two year
anniversary today.
- Happy anniversary.
- It's been three days
since Brittany
found out about
the whole cheating situation.
- You guys f---ed!
Everything I've done for you.
You don't deserve me!
- I just wish Brittany
would hook up with somebody.
That way we could make it even
because in my head,
like, it would fix things.
I'd be like,
"Okay, now we're even."
Now we can't fight
about this anymore
because I don't like to fight.
I just like to
get it over with.
To be honest
with you guys,
I--I didn't sleep
at a hotel last night.
I--you know, I was planning
on it when you left.
I was gonna go home and--
- So you didn't stay at--
- No.
- Holy sh--.
- As soon as I started
packing my bag,
Brittany's like,
"Just stay here."
I've had more...
I can't believe
I'm telling you this.
She said not to say anything.
I've had more sex
in the last two days
than I've had in,
like, six months.
- Oh, my God.
- Dude.
- She goes, "I actually
f---ing hate you right now.
But this whole situation
has made me hornier than ever."
I'm like...
I'm like--I don't know,
what do you say to that?
Okay, I'll be home
in a minute.
- This is like a for real thing.
- No, this is a real thing.
Dude, it's make-up sex.
This thing exists.
You know what I mean?
Me and Ariana, like,
have not been having sex.
Like, at all.
Like, dude, it's been, like,
f---ing two months.
- Holy f---.
- It's freaking me out.
Did you guys bang at Coachella?
- No!
- Holy f---!
Sometimes I have
to remind myself
that these guys are, like,
a little bit older than me.
You know, I'm looking at Jax,
38, cheated on his girlfriend.
And then I'm looking at Tom,
30-something, no sex.
Like, is this what
the future holds for me?
F---ing hope not.
Sounds like a nightmare.
- I feel like I can't even
come onto my girlfriend
without literally feeling
like a skeezy-ass creep.
- This is option number one.
- Whoa.
I like your hair.
- Thanks.
Thank you.
- I don't just want to get
my rocks off.
Like, I want to like
smell her.
I want to see her face.
I want to watch her
have an orgasm.
I literally downloaded
an audio book
on, like, intimacy last night
at 3:00 in the morning.
♪ ♪
- I put all new chair covers
in over there.
The bar stools have been
re-covered.
- Maintenance
is a massive problem.
- I like the new umbrellas
as well.
It was very sweet
what you got.
- Hey, guys.
- Hey.
- I just--I feel like--
- Our meeting we had
at Tom Tom the other day,
it left a bad taste
in my mouth.
And it was just quite
unfortunate the way it ended.
- I'm giving you
an opportunity,
and straightaway
I hear your negativity.
Right now, I'm rethinking
the whole thing,
and I'm going to Pump.
- I just wanted to come in
on behalf of both of us
as a team and say,
you know, I'm sorry.
- It's not you...
- Yeah.
- That is guilty.
We're talking about Sandoval
being really bloody negative.
Then accused me of spying.
- He didn't mean that.
He didn't mean to insinuate
that you were spying.
I mean, technically I did,
but, listen, me and Tom
are a team right now.
I didn't want to tell Tom
about going to apologize
to Lisa
because, A, he's still
a little hot-headed.
Sorry about this.
This thing's--
I don't want to dissect
the nuances
of what actually happened.
But right now, I just want
to moisturize the situation.
It says "I'm Sorry"
in case you didn't see.
- He wasn't conciliatory at all
in Tom Tom.
- I think he was
caught off-guard--
- He said things like,
"She's just going to
put our name on it.
She's not going to listen
to what we're--"
That is a gift if somebody
puts your name on something.
Ken and I are going
to bring experience,
financing, staffing,
concept, design,
and a plethora
of other things,
and from Tom and Tom I need,
you know, enthusiasm
and positivity.
Just showing up with balloons
and a puppy dog expression
isn't going to change anything.
- Nobody gave me
an opportunity like this.
Nobody in my whole life.
To be a partner
for very little,
you should grasp it
with both hands
and think "What am I bringing
to this operation?"
- I don't want you guys
to think
that we're not appreciative
of this opportunity
because we really are.
Like, you know,
you're always telling me
I got to drop the whole,
you know, cutesy act.
I'm ready to get serious,
you know.
Just let us show you
that we're invested in this.
Okay, now I'll tell you what,
okay.
At a later date,
we'll have another meeting.
- Thank you, thank you,
thank you.
Hug Okay.
- No.
- Bye, Tom.
- Bye, guys. Thanks again.
- I think they have
a standing order, Jax and Tom,
with the balloon people
and the flower people
that just says "I'm Sorry"
on it.
Coming up...
- Yeah, girl.
- Whoa. Oh, whoa.
- Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.
Oh, my God.
- ♪ Well I'ma be me ♪
♪ No matter what you say ♪
- Thank you for calling
Sur Restaurant.
You said Friday?
- ♪ I'ma be me ♪
- Stassi wanted to know,
you know,
exactly what goes into
planning a party.
So I said just come here early.
She can get an idea
of what it takes
to organize it.
- Hey!
- Okay, here you are.
- Hello.
- Okay.
- Hi, good.
- I'm just going to tell you
what we've done
for this party.
We've done the flowers
in-house.
Some people are going
to arrange the florist,
which is something
you would do.
- Right.
- They wanted a screen,
which is something
you would do.
Straighten up the candles,
check the levels
of the music,
make sure the trays
are set up for the drinks.
- Make sure everything
looks perfect.
- Yeah.
- Full disclosure:
Event planning isn't something
I grew up dreaming about.
But what I want to be
is a boss
like Lisa Vanderpump.
And bosses know how
to do awesome things
like throwing parties.
- And work on theme.
- Yeah, and I--
- You've got to find
some ideas
if it's like a baby shower.
Or you can find some--
- If you're gonna do, like,
a bridal shower, change
the color of the napkins,
or you would have
a set menu,
or you decide on the cocktails.
There's so many things to do.
Do you see what I mean?
- Right.
- You are not the...
you're not the boss
of the servers.
I don't want to have
any friction.
Like yesterday Scheana
was upset a bit
and said "How come Stassi
is gonna be our boss?"
I think it's official now.
Like, Stassi's gonna help
with the special events.
- Yep, Stassi's never planned
an event in her life.
- And she gets to basically
be our boss.
- So clear this up
with those girls
because they were like
quite pissed.
- I should be annoyed,
but I'm not, honestly,
because it means that
it bothers her
that, like, I'm up here
right now
and she's, like, down there.
I'm not bossing anyone around.
- That's a first.
That's a good thing.
It's really wonderful that
the restaurants are thriving,
and this is exactly
the kind of help I need.
It would be nice to see
Stassi now
mature as much
as the business has.
- So my tables are done.
- You need to polish all
the glasses in the main room
and then make sure
the coffee bar is cleaned.
- Thank you, Katie.
- But I suppose I can't wish
for everything.
Okay.
- I don't want to mess it up.
I just want us all to be
on the same--I want to be--
- We've been
on the same page for 12 years.
You need to be
on the same page as us.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- I love you.
- Boys, what are you guys
doing in here?
- He's got a flat head.
- Yeah, we're gonna have
a girls party for Brittany
at Stassi's.
- It's going to be
a pajama party,
and we're going to have
like all of Brittany's
like favorite foods
like a Bloody Mary bar.
- That's cool.
- Tequila shots, of course.
The point of this party
tonight
is to rally behind Brittany
and let her know
that she shouldn't be scared
of starting over
and dump his ass.
I'm going to bring
that shotgun thing
that we have that you, like,
squirt the shot
into the mouth.
- No, I have it.
- Why don't we utilize that
more often?
- Come in.
Hey, what up, dude?
- Somebody call
a business partner?
I don't know what to say, sh--.
- Bad boy's coming
for his makeout session.
- Yeah, there it is.
- I let him kiss me
on the lips maybe,
but Tom goes open mouth.
- You guys look all--you guys
got to have, like, notepads?
- Well, you know,
it's not idea time yet.
First, we have to,
you know,
be on the same page
with Ken and Lisa.
- Yes, but I found
this amazing machine
that can freeze
pretty much any drink,
even, like, 80-proof drinks.
So you serve a shot
on a wooden spoon.
- We're getting
ahead of ourselves now.
- You're getting ahead.
- As of now,
they're mulling it over
and, you know, reassessing
whether or not they want
to move forward with us.
- Yeah.
I feel like everyone either has
that boyfriend or girlfriend
that they're like the one
that got away.
If Tom Tom becomes
the one that got away,
I think it would haunt me
for the rest of my life.
- From now on, if we vent,
let's just vent
to each other.
- Yeah.
- Let's just keep it right here.
Then our public forward face
we'll keep it f---ing
super positive.
- Especially around Ken and Lisa
it's just like positivity.
Tom and I have been married
almost a year,
and Tom's now getting
his career straightened out.
It just makes me very proud
to see him,
you know,
taking initiative like this.
I feel like
the Maloney-Schwartz household
is in very fine form right now.
- You can do most
of the talking.
But I'm going to be prepared.
I'm not going to be flailing.
I'm not going to be saying,
"I don't know, I don't know."
- You can bring the quirk,
you can bring the flair,
and they can bring the class.
- Yeah, smart is dumb,
dumb is smart.
- Yeah, yeah.
- There we go.
- That's perfect.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Let's ride ♪
♪ Living right ♪
God.
Okay, okay.
Got to learn some manners.
- Hi, girl.
- Hey.
He's, like, attacking me
her treats.
- Yeah.
- His mouth's
all slobbery now.
I started riding horses
when I was six years old.
And for a long time,
I was really competitive.
And then I've been back
into riding seriously
for about a year.
- How often do you
come up here?
- I'm here, like,
four days a week.
- Oh, okay.
- It's like my favorite place.
- It's got to be a good,
like, stress-reliever.
- It really is.
Like, if I didn't have this,
like, I don't know what
I would do.
I feel like Tom and I
are kind of going through
a weird point right now,
and being able to go out
to the barn and ride
is something that always
centers me.
And I then try to carry that
back into my relationship.
- No.
I'm gonna ride
this other horse
that I've never ridden before.
And then I'm also gonna
show that horse this weekend.
So that will be extra fun.
- So today will be like
practice for that?
- Yeah, I always get
really nervous.
- Well, what do you
get nervous about?
- 'Cause I want to win.
- I have an important
competition coming up,
and I am going to be
riding Walter.
I'm really excited because
I've only heard
really good things about him.
So ride like the wind, Walter,
you big beautiful beast.
Okay.
Good boy.
- You look so good.
- Good boy.
- Yeah, girl.
♪ ♪
Whoa.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
- Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.
- Oh, f---.
Oh, gosh.
Oh, for f---'s sake.
Are you okay?
Sh--.
- He just wasn't gonna stop,
and I just--
you know?
The fact that he's spooked
makes me nervous
that it could happen again.
- And it makes me nervous
that it could happen
during my competition.
- You've got dirt
all over your poor little face.
- I have dirt in my mouth.
- Oh, my God.
Are you gonna be sore?
Are you okay?
- I think I'm okay.
I'm just dirty.
- Are you gonna be okay
to get back?
- I got to get back on,
right?
- I know.
- I know that's why
there's that saying.
- Just because Walter's spooked
doesn't mean there's anything
wrong with him.
That's kind of what
horses do.
They're prey animals.
So, yeah, I bailed.
But, yeah, I'm gonna
get right back on.
- You're brave.
♪ ♪
- Oh, good boy, Walter.
- Coming up...
- Harder, whole body!
- Get it!
- Beat it, beat it, beat it!
- ♪ Ah ah ah ♪
♪ Ah ah ah ♪
- Biscuit!
- Puppy.
- My little Biscuit head.
Has she been adopted?
- Yeah, she's going home
on Friday.
- I wanted her.
- You want every dog, though.
You can't have them.
- I do want every dog.
- Are we having Raquel
in today?
- Yeah, I said that
she could volunteer.
- Go ahead.
- Thanks.
- Ding ding dong.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Hi, guys.
- Oh, my gosh. So cute.
- Doing great, doing great.
- Hey.
- So exciting, look at this.
Look at this.
- Hi.
- Whenever you talk
to Raquel,
she reminds me
of Bambi on steroids.
Everything is like
dulcet tones.
"I'd really like a job."
What do you do exactly?
I don't even know
what you do.
- Well, I--I'm a model.
- So, if you want to volunteer,
you've really got
to be committed to it
and still have to treat it
like a job.
Okay, well, let me
show you around.
- Raquel gets anxiety
sometimes,
and I know that playing
with, like, little puppies
really helps her.
I use marijuana to help
with my anxiety.
- So why don't you
get an apron,
take Biscuit back.
And you can go
and pick up poop.
- We all have our own way
of dealing with things.
I smoke weed.
She pets dogs.
End of story.
Raquel, you're going to see
she's like
a shining star in there,
she's amazing.
She'll be above and beyond.
- Okay, so listen, are you
going to, you know,
start this thing at Sur?
- Twice a month
every other Tuesday
James Kennedy's Takeover
Turn-up Tuesday.
- Okay.
- It's gonna be good.
- All right, well,
I hope so.
James Kennedy has reached out
to us so many times.
But I just couldn't
have him back
as a paid employee.
So suddenly I thought,
well, maybe
if he was a promoter
and he had autonomy
where he had
to take responsibility
for his own night,
then maybe he won't
be so liable to f--- it up.
- We're going to make it sexy
and successful.
- And no drinking.
- No drinking.
- How much are you
drinking now?
- I don't do shots anymore.
We're doing a shot.
- I don't do shots.
- I do.
- That's good.
- I don't really drink
that much anymore.
- Okay, give me that puppy.
♪ ♪
- Ariana came here
about an hour ago.
She's warming up,
getting ready.
- I forgot how dusty
it is out here.
- I like the smell actually.
- A little bit.
There she is.
- Hey!
- Hey.
- I'm nervous.
I really love competing
because I just really like
to win.
However, I'm pretty nervous
going into this competition
because Walter and I
just don't have
that trusting relationship yet.
AKA, I don't trust him.
All right, we're going
to walk over to the ring.
- Okay, we're going
to be over there
cheering you on really loud.
- Okay.
- To spook the horse.
- Just spook all of 'em
except for mine, okay.
- Okay. Have fun.
Has she talked to you
about how nervous she is
or anything like that?
- Yeah, a little bit.
She always gets
a little freaked out
before the show.
We've been--I mean,
there's an issue,
and it's a weird thing
to talk to you about.
It's like--yeah, sorry,
this is awkward,
but we haven't been
having sex for a while.
For like months.
- And you've talked
to her about it?
- Yeah, I did.
- Like a calm, like,
serious conversation--
- Well, you know what also
kind of brought it up too
is this Jax and Faith thing.
I'm like, well,
if it happened once
or it happened five times,
like, there's a big difference.
And she's like, "There's not
a difference to me.
If it happened once,
we'd be f---ing done."
And I'm like,
"Yeah, okay, Ariana,
"but, like, I have no desire
to, like, be with anybody else.
"But could you really
be that mad at me
"if, like, we haven't had sex
in a f---ing year,
and I had sex with somebody?"
- Someone else, yeah.
You got to hash it out.
There's a root to it.
There has to be.
- Yeah.
- There can't not be.
- Yeah, it looks like
they're about to start.
- All right, cool.
Let's do it.
♪ ♪
Shown today by Ariana Madix.
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
- I just love seeing her like--
it just brings so much joy
in her life.
When Ariana's on a horse,
she looks so hot.
It almost makes it harder
going through this dry spell
in our sex life.
We already got a whip.
Maybe we just need,
like, a saddle or something.
I mean, she can ride me.
- Oh, my God. Thank you.
- Good job, sissy.
- Yeah. Good job, dumpling.
- Congratulations, taking home
the blue ribbon, Ariana Madix.
- Yeah.
- Yes, yes.
- That's awesome, man.
- Yeah, first.
I'm desperate.
I'll try anything.
It's like that song says,
"Save a horse,
ride a cowboy."
Or--or a bartender.
Congratulations, by the way.
- Thank you.
- First place!
- Yeah, when they called
my name for first,
I literally was like, "Yes!"
- Big old grin.
- I knew we did good.
♪ ♪
- Yeah.
- Hey.
- Wow, you look nice.
- Stassi invited me
over to her house.
It's a pajama party.
Show me a little tush?
Little booty.
- She said that they were
going to throw a party
in my honor with, like,
all my favorite things,
and they're probably all going
to be talking sh-- about you.
- But it's between us.
Not, not every--
- But everyone knows,
so it's not just between us.
- I understand, but I'm not
dating all of them.
I could care less about them,
could care less.
- Don't talk like that.
- I'm just saying.
I'm not--it's between you and I
to work out.
Friends don't do sh--
like this.
Friends don't get up in her ear
and just do-do-do-do.
Like, you people need
to leave us alone
and get a f---ing life.
Like, if you wanted it over,
we could just end it right now.
But we don't want that.
- Because I love you so much.
- I love you too.
- But it's just hard.
- It's been killing me inside,
it really has.
I'm just glad it's out.
They say I manipulate Brittany.
I never manipulated anything--
any at all.
You're a big girl.
You can make your own decisions.
- I am gonna make
my own decisions.
And I am really confused.
- How am I manipulating
anything?
What am I gaining out of this?
Okay, a girlfriend,
but I mean, girlfriends
are a dime a dozen.
- Do you swear I'm not
gonna find anything new out?
- No, you're not
gonna find anything.
- No.
- Because if I decide
I'm gonna try to believe you,
I don't want to start
hearing new things
that I didn't know about.
- Yeah.
- That would ruin everything.
- Coming up...
- Welcome to
the Witches of WeHo.
- Puncture this as deep
as you can,
and as it decomposes
the lover will suffer.
- ♪ There's a party going down
tonight ♪
♪ I can feel it in the air,
hey ♪
- I asked her grandmother,
but I didn't actually
look at the recipe that much
because I knew you'd make it,
and I'm not good at it.
- It's Mamaw's recipe.
- Mamaw's recipe!
- Cheese and beer...
- I really wanted this
to be special for Brittany.
So I got the beer cheese
recipe from her Mamaw.
- Here's that beer cheese
for ya.
- Thank you.
- Awesome!
- We love some beer cheese.
That's my favorite.
Oh, yes, beer cheese a lot.
- Make sure you don't go
drinking that beer!
That beer's not for drinking.
That--that beer's
for beer cheese.
- Hi.
Hey, girl, hey.
- Does anyone care
that I'm here?
- Ooh!
Freaking amazing.
- We got the beating stick.
- That piñata is filled
with the good goods, right?
- Mini tequila bottles.
- Well...
- It just squirts
a shot in your mouth?
- Yeah, Kristen!
- It's not gonna, like,
get everywhere, right?
- I'm gonna get it in her mouth.
- Wait.
- I don't give good head,
I'm just saying.
I mean, I give good head,
but I just can't take it
all the way down.
Like...
- Like something--
If my grandma can do it,
anyone can do it, ready?
One, two, three.
- Oh!
- Y'all.
♪ ♪
- Ready for some lobster, boys.
- Get in there.
- Yo!
Is this your place?
- It's my place. I opened it
with Jeff a year ago.
It's our year anniversary--
- Sh--.
- This weekend.
- Dude, congratulations.
Me and--me and Tom Schwartz
might be opening up a spot
with Ken and Lisa.
- That's awesome.
- Michael used to be
the GM at Pump.
- I think Sunday
is like 800 to 1,000 people
walk through the door.
- I wish it was like that
every Sunday.
- Yeah, me too.
- Seeing how Michael went
from working for Lisa
to now owning his own place,
like, I'm just really inspired
right now.
I can't help but think
I have this meeting tomorrow
with Ken and Lisa to find out
whether we move forward
with Tom Tom
and how I can be
where he's at right now.
- Hey, guys.
- I got those shots
for your one-year anniversary.
- Happy one year, man.
- Thanks.
- You're giving these guys hope
that there's a chance
to make it in this industry.
- There's a chance.
- Yeah, this place
is f---ing lit.
- Hey, I only have
the biggest meeting
of my life tomorrow,
no big deal.
Let's take some shots.
- Is this our only stop
tonight?
Or are we gonna
crash another party?
I know of another party
going on tonight.
- Yeah, I bet you know
of another party going on.
- Tonight, they set aside
all their differences
for the sake of hating Jax,
I think.
♪ ♪
- We still have the shots.
- Okay, then I'm going to take
the broccoli cheese casserole
thing out.
- Welcome to Kentucky.
- Oh, my God!
- Thank you guys for coming.
- Thank you for having us.
- I have a bouquet
for our sunshine
and then one for the hostess.
- Thank you.
Here, I'll take it.
It's not really ideal
for me to invite Scheana
and Ariana to my home.
- Oh, and this is from Scheana.
- But this is for Brittany.
It feels good to be
the bigger person.
I hate that I like it.
I hate when the angel wins
over the devil.
- We're gonna beat the sh--
out of that piñata.
- Oh, yes, we are.
- Oh, my God!
I cannot wait to do
this piñata.
- That's your favorite
sandwich, the Italian sub.
Crab legs, but I realized
I don't have anything
to crack them, so I hope
you can--whatever.
- This is your Mamaw's
beer cheese dip.
- Oh!
- Kristen made it.
It's really good, too.
I sampled it.
- Mmm!
Nothing will ever compare
to what my Mamaw makes.
But, you know, bless
Kristen's heart for trying.
- First things first.
We have spiked chocolate milk.
- Cheers.
- Cheers to the happy
near future business, lads.
- Cheers.
♪ ♪
- Think the emotional Voltron
is forming?
- Yeah, when they're
in the group,
it's like the perfect storm,
ready to destroy
the city of Jax.
- I need a beer.
I need a drink.
- You're gonna need
more than that.
You're gonna go home
to a sh-- storm.
The girls have established,
like, the ultimate
F--- Jax Espionage Team.
We got Doute,
the tech analyst.
She can hack anyone's
password.
- Jenna didn't come over,
and you didn't
Uber her home at 6:00 a.m.?
- No.
- You don't want to see the
Uber receipt from your email?
Do you want me to show it
to you?
Oh, God damn it.
- You got Stassi,
the human lie detector.
She knows all
of Jax's mannerisms,
his behavioral patterns.
- No, I did not f--- Kristen.
- You're looking
to the left.
- And then you got Katie.
She's the grizzled lieutenant.
She wants f---ing answers,
and she wants 'em now.
- You told her
that Tom slept
with you girlfriend's
best friend in Vegas.
- I never said that.
- Jax is over here just
trying to have a beer.
I don't think
he fully appreciates
the sh-- storm
that's coming his way.
That sh--'s a f---ing hurricane
right now.
- Just go for it.
- Harder!
Whole body!
- Get it, Brittany!
Get it!
- Yeah!
- Beat it, beat it, beat it!
- ♪ We bring the fire fire,
slam ♪
- Look at all the presents.
- Yes!
- Fireballs.
- I'll have your head
on a stick.
- Coming up...
- Hi, Lisa.
- Lala.
- Did you expect
to hear from me
asking you to please
take me back at Sur?
- ♪ What goes around
comes around ♪
♪ Goes around,
comes back around ♪
- Guys, before I forget,
June 6th, save the date.
6th?
- Yeah, Tuesday, June 6th,
two weeks.
- Did you say six
or sixth?
- "Sick-th." Six.
- Oh.
- Six T-H. "Sick-th."
- There was S and then a T-H.
- Oh, I just say "sick-th."
- Maybe that's a British thing.
- Fifth and "sick-th."
- I thought you were--
'cause you're drunk,
but that's really
how you say it.
- I swear, I'm not drunk.
I mean, I'm tipsy.
Anyway, I'm taking over Sur.
Got my own night.
It's James Kennedy's Takeover.
I've got my job back.
- Whoa.
- Tech--kind of, kind of.
If I do this right
I get a percentage of the bar.
- Whoa.
- This is huge, man.
So you guys will come?
- Yeah, of course.
- All right, thank you, guys.
- That's just a given, man.
- It's crazy how much
can happen in a year, honestly.
- No, no, no, no! Don't!
- You're all f---ing losers!
- But now you've turned
into a drunken asshole.
You are not working
for me any longer.
- To now getting my job back
and kicking it with them,
having drinks,
it's like, "What?"
When you guys go clean up
your spa
or anything I can do,
I will help.
- Yeah, we'll have you
in there spinning.
- No, that's a given.
That's a given!
- Y'all know we've
orchestrated a spell.
- Double double
toil and trouble.
- So everyone go over there.
Grab your cocktails.
- Sisters, sisters.
- Welcome to
the Witches of WeHo.
- I just--
oh, my phone's vibrating.
- Oh, you know you want
to be a part of this.
- Ariana loves witchcraft.
- Yes, but I don't like WeHo,
so...
- Everyone, this is not
about teams.
- Listen to me.
- This is annoying me.
- Stassi, I already buried
like five farts in your couch,
so we're good.
- I want to announce
what this spell is about
because we don't want
to hurt Jax
in a physical way
or anything like that.
This is about scorning
a cheating lover.
And Katie has like
a great understanding
of this type of stuff.
So, she will facilitate it.
- We're going to put
a spell on Jax
for a scorned lover.
Write the name of
your ex-lover
on this candle.
So that somehow, some way
Jax can finally receive
his karmic punishment
that's been coming his way
for a long time.
Write your name
on this candle.
We're like the Sanderson
sisters from "Hocus Pocus,"
only prettier.
And light both candles.
♪ ♪
Draw three hearts
on this piece of paper.
- As a good Christian woman,
I normally would not
dabble in black magic.
But after Jax did what he did
to me,
I think even Jesus himself
would make that exception.
- Puncture this
as deep as you can.
- Yes.
- And, as it decomposes,
the lover will suffer.
- I already feel
your hurt going away.
- How can I like come back here
and know that
it's decomposing--
- Are you looking for excuses
to come back to my apartment
and hang out with me?
- Oh, sh--.
One thing I'm a little bit
concerned about
is that if I go a whole night
being cordial with Stassi,
she's probably gonna want
to be my friend again after it.
We can make shapes together.
It doesn't mean
you're in my circle.
- Okay, should we all
just kiss and make up?
- Yes.
- Please!
♪ ♪
- Whoa!
- Love it. Love it.
- Scheana, why are you
so horny all the time?
♪ ♪
- Are you at a table
or are you just hanging out?
- We're at a table.
- Cool, we'll figure out
how to put it to your tab.
- Hello, young Wesley.
- Very good.
- Can I just have
a glass of rosé?
- Okay, you got it.
I'm exhausted.
- I don't know.
Maybe I just kind of
invite stress.
- This might melt some of it.
- I've got a meeting
in the VIP
with some little madam.
So, I will be in there waiting.
- Okay.
- What are those glasses
doing there?
- I'm gonna polish them
and put them away.
- All right, I'll see you later.
- All right. Do your thing.
♪ ♪
- Hi, Lisa.
- Lala.
It's been a while.
- Were you surprised
to hear from me?
- I hoped I would
hear from you at some point.
- But did you expect
to hear from me
asking you to please
take me back at Sur?
- That is what I want.
- Clearly, you don't
need the money.
Why are you here?
- Yes, I have a man
that provides me
with really amazing things.
But my man is not
an ATM machine.
I mean, I have my own bills
to pay.
- Whenever things
got a little tough,
you ran like a little rabbit.
You didn't pick up the phone.
You were inconsistent.
- The pressure
just made me cave.
I suffer from anxiety.
It's just a fact of life.
- You've got to grow
from this, Lala.
Yeah, but you created
a lot of that pressure
because you weren't honest
about so many things.
- Right.
Last year,
I was in a relationship
with the same person that
I'm in a relationship with now.
I made up all sorts of lies
just to protect
this human being,
and I feel like it took
my anxiety through the roof.
I don't have
a married boyfriend.
Who are you talking about?
- You got the Range Rover--
- If you want a Range Rover,
you can get one too.
- You're nobody.
- Nobody's talking to you.
- You're nobody. Go sling some
more d---s for Range Rovers.
Yeah.
- Asshole.
They called me out
on my bullsh--.
You're right, you can't
afford a Range Rover
on a hostess salary.
I said it.
I made the wrong choice.
I should've been honest,
and, yes, I did leave you
hanging.
But I'm asking you
to forgive me
for the way I acted last year.
You have been someone
who has really fought for me.
- I've always like you
very much, Lala.
You know that,
and I've always
had a lot of time for you.
- So I'm asking you
to just see that I've...
changed a lot.
- Okay.
- Are you saying "Okay"
like I can come back
and be a hostess
at your restaurant?
- I'm saying yes, you can.
Lala was always
a fabulous hostess.
She's got a great
kind of joie de vivre.
And underneath this kind of
tough exterior
is really like
a little lost puppy.
But if I see one inkling
of you being unreliable,
we will be done.
- You can count on me.
- If you give me what I want,
then I'm happy
to have you back.
- I give everybody
what they want.
- So I've heard.
Now off you go.
- You always have to go there
with me.
Thank you, Lisa.
- Coming up...
- I didn't know that you
actually f---ed her
more than once.
One time is ten times.
It doesn't make a difference.
- This changes everything,
you piece of sh--!
- ♪ I'm about to tear this,
tear this up ♪
♪ I'm gonna start
some trouble ♪
I haven't seen you since
the whole thing went down.
- It's getting better.
The sex has never been better,
I'll tell you that.
I think she's just really
hate-f---ing me, but...
- Well, that's how you
and James crushed your beef.
You guys just hate-f---ed
it out.
- By no means is this resolved.
But it's baby steps.
You know, we're working
towards it.
- If things are going
to continue on,
I think you should
be prepared.
- You know we love you, man.
So we thought we'd take
some precautionary measures
just to make sure that you
don't f--- up in the future.
- Sh--.
- Sometimes you're gonna
wanna go out.
You're gonna want Brittany
to be very secure
that you're going out
and you're not causing trouble.
So, this is a locking
chastity cock ring.
- Holy cow.
- See, it locks.
See, look at--it comes
with a volcano dick hole.
- You know I have a really
big penis. So I don't know.
- No, you put it in there
when it's soft.
- I don't know what I'm--
I'm so confused.
I don't know what
I'm going to do.
I just, like, don't want
to upset anybody,
and I know that I'm, like,
making stupid moves.
But I just, like,
don't know what to do.
- Brittany, we said
we are not judging.
We are here to support you.
- I know. I know.
- Is he telling you
that it was a one
Or is he--it wasn't.
- Yeah.
- I'm absolutely 100% sure.
- I've heard that.
I've heard--
- From Faith, from Jesse,
from Logan.
I mean, everyone that I've
interacted with recently
has all been just like,
"Oh, yeah, no,
it was like a bunch of times."
If they just know that,
then I don't know where
they would get that from
if that wasn't the case.
- With Jax, you will
always hear things.
Maybe a few of them
aren't true.
But for the most part
they're gonna be true.
- I figured he's probably
telling you
it was a one-time thing and--
- Because if he admits to once
then that's okay,
then he's forgiven.
- And then he does the thing
where he goes,
"Well, come on.
"Once, twice, five times,
ten times.
There's no difference."
That's what he does.
- I just want to call him and
be like, it was more than once!
- If you wanna call him,
we can f---ing call him.
- I'm just gonna call him,
and I'm gonna put it
on speaker phone
for all of you guys to hear.
- I'm so scared.
- Oh, sh--, sorry.
- How many times
did it happen with Faith?
- Once, honey. That's it.
- No, tell me the truth.
- I swear on my life.
- I have proof.
- I'm gonna rush outside
for a second, sorry.
- Say she's here.
- She's here.
Brittany, Brittany,
Brittany, Brittany, stop.
- She's lying.
Why is she there?
Why are you setting me up?
Why are you doing this?
We've been talking.
We're working this--
- Yes, but I didn't know
that you actually f---ed her
more than once.
- I didn't--
I didn't do it.
It's only one time.
- Jax, she's obviously
not f---ing here.
I would've f---ing
stabbed her ass.
She's obviously not here.
- Oh my God,
don't do that to me.
- I want you to tell the truth
for once.
I swear to God.
- All I asked
was for the f---ing truth,
and you didn't
give me the truth.
- What does it matter
if I did it two or three times?
- You're f---ing disgusting!
I f---ing hate you!
- I would tell you if I did it
two, three, four, five times.
What's the difference
between one time and ten times?
It doesn't make a difference.
- This changes everything,
you piece of sh--!
It changes everything.
I can't wait.
I can't wait to see you again.
- I didn't do anything.
- You are f---ing done.
- You piece of sh--.
- I promise you,
I didn't do it. Shut up!
I said I didn't do it!
Would you stop?
- The attitude you gave me
proves to me
you're not f---ing changing
a damn thing.
We're done.
- Brittany, Brittany, honey.
Oh, God.
♪ ♪
- She's like, "You hooked up
with her more than once."
I'm like, "I didn't hook up
I swear to God.
- Jax, I'm not doubting you
in any way,
but if it did,
you f---ing need to tell her.
- I--dude, I did, I told her--
- I know, but I'm just--
I'm just saying.
- No, it just happened
one time.
No.
It happened one time.
That was it.
- All right, all right.
- Britt, so...
do you want
Jax to come home?
- No.
- Jax shouldn't be allowed
to come home.
- I'm so down for that,
Brittany.
Let's do it.
- Ariana's calling me.
Hey.
- So here's the thing.
Jax is not allowed to stay
at his apartment tonight.
We're going to go back
to Jax and Brittany's
and make sure Brittany
is not alone
and she has to stay there
tonight.
- Okay.
- This is going to be intense
if Jax even tries
to walk in that door.
- Okay, all right.
- You know how crazy
Kristen is.
- Don't worry, don't worry,
don't worry. Don't worry.
- Awesome.
- I'll make it easy.
All right, bye.
- All the girls are
over there right now.
They're all charged up.
- They want blood.
- Yeah.
- I love it.
- Like, basically
I was just told
you can't go home tonight.
You have to find
another place to stay.
- ♪ There's a string of
broken hearts in your wake ♪
♪ I don't want to be another ♪
♪ I don't want to
be your lover ♪
♪ I don't want to be
some other broken heart ♪
♪ For you ♪
- Next time
on "Vanderpump Rules"...
I'm not giving you 10% each
for 60 grand each.
- 80.
- If you don't want to do--
I'm not negotiating
with you here.
So, you're either in
or you're out.
- How many parties
have you done?
- None, Kristina.
This is my first one.
- Lisa's hard to impress.
- Shut up.
- I get a phone call
from my friend Allie,
and she's like,
"Tom Schwartz is here.
Dude, he can't keep
his hands off of me."
They made out.
He was like touchy-feely.
- No, while they were married.
Is this some kind
of karmic punishment?
- No.
- Bubba, Bubba--
- What the f--- is wrong
with you?
Get it together!
What is wrong with you?
- To see more
of "Vanderpump Rules,"
go to bravotv.com.